#An exposition with notes vpon the first Epistle to the Thessalonians. By William Sclater D.D. and Minister of the Word of God at Pitmister in Sommerset#

##Sclater, William, 1575-1626.##
An exposition with notes vpon the first Epistle to the Thessalonians. By William Sclater D.D. and Minister of the Word of God at Pitmister in Sommerset
Sclater, William, 1575-1626.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A11/A11591.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A11/A11591.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-99852015e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2011-04__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2011-04__ __SPi Global__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2011-06__ __Judith Siefring__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2011-06__ __Judith Siefring__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2012-05__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
AN EXPOSITION with Notes vpon the firſt EPISTLE to the Theſſalonians.By WILLIAM SCLATER D. D. and Mi
1. TO THE RIGHT HONORABLE THE LORD STANHOPE, BARON OF HARINGDON, ONE OF his Maiesties moſt Honorable Priuie Councell, &c. Mercie and Peace bee multiplyed.

1. To the Reader.

#####Body#####
1. THESSAL. 1.1.PAVL and SILVANVS, and TIMOTHEVS, vnto the Church of the Theſſalonians, which is in VERS. 2.3.We giue thanks to God alwayes for you all, making mention of you in our prayers,RemembringVERS. 4.Knowing, Brethren beloued, your election of God.WHether that (of God) be referred to belouedVERS. 5.For our Goſpell came not vnto you in Word onely, but alſo in Power, and in the holy Ghost, aVERS. 6.And yee became followers of vs and of the Lord, hauing receiued the Word in much affliction VERS. 7.8.So that yee became enſamples to all that beleeue in Macedonia and Achaia.For from you ſounVERS. 8.For from you ſounded out the Word of God, &c.THe ſecond branch of their commendation, is theVERS. 9.10.For they themſelues ſhew of vs, what manner of entring in we had vnto you, and how yee tuVERS. 10.And to wait for his Sonne from heauen.THat act of theirs let vs firſt take notice of, and tVERS. 1.For your ſelues, Brethren, know our entrance in vnto you that it was not vaine.THis Chapter VERS. 2.But euen after that we had ſuffered before, and were ſhamefully entreated, as yee know, at PVERS. 3.4.Our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of vncleanneſſe, nor in guile:But as wee were allowVERS. 4.But as wee were allowed of God to bee put in truſt with the Goſpell, ſo wee ſpeake, not as pVERS. 5.6.For neither at any time vſed we flattering words, as yee know, nor a cloke of couetouſneſſVERS. 7.8.But wee were gentle among you, euen as a Nurſe cheriſheth her children.So being affectionaVERS. 9.For ye remember, Brethren, our labour and trauaile, for labouring night and day, becauſe we VERS. 10.11.12.Yee are witneſſes, and GOD alſo, how holily, and iuſtly, and vnblameably we behaued oVERS. 11.As yee know how wee exhorted and teſtified, &c.WHat he proteſted of his holy and blameleſſeVERS. 12.That yee would walke worthy of God, who hath called you vnto his Kingdome and glorie.THe maVERS. 13.For this cauſe alſo thanke wee God, without ceaſing, becauſe when yee receiued the Word of VERS. 14.For yee, Brethren, became followers of the Churches of God which in Iudea are in Chriſt IeſVERS. 15.16.Who both killed the Lord Ieſus, and their own Prophets, and haue perſecuted vs: and theyVERS. 17.18.But wee, Brethren, being taken from you for a ſhort time in preſence, not in heart, endeVERS. 19.20.For what is our hope or ioy or Crowne of reioycing? Are not euen yee in the preſence of VERS. 1.2.Wherefore when wee could no longer forbeare, wee thought it good to be left at Athens alonVERS. 2.And ſent TIMOTHEVS, &c.FOlloweth the perſon ſelected to ſupply Pauls abſence, and his commenVERS. 3.4.That no man ſhould bee mooued by theſe afflictions; for your ſelues know that we are appoiVERS. 5.For this cauſe when I could no longer forbeare, I ſent to know your Faith, leſt by ſome meanVERS. 6.7.But now when TIMOTHEVS came from you to vs, and brought vs good tydings of your Faith and VERS. 7.Therefore, Brethren, wee were comforted ouer you in all our affliction and diſtreſſe, &c.THEVERS. 8.For now we liue, if yee ſtand faſt in the Lord.THE ſecond effect, life; we liue, if ye ſtandVERS. 9.For what thankes can wee render againe to God for you, for all the ioy wherewith we ioy for VERS. 10.Night and day praying exceedingly, that wee might ſee your face, and might perfit that whicVERS. 11.Now God himſelfe, euen our Father, and our LORD IESVS CHRIST, direct our way vnto you.And tVERS. 12.And the Lord make you to increaſe and abound in loue, &c.THE ſecond thing requeſted, is theVERS. 13.To the end hee may eſtabliſh your hearts vnblameable in holineſſe.THE ſecond inducement, isVERS. 1.2.Furthermore then we beſeech you, Brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Ieſus, that as yee hVERS. 3.For this it the will of God, euen your ſanctification —THe Apoſtle declares the Grace of GodVERS. 3, 4, 5.— That you ſhould abſtaine from fornication.That euery one of you ſhould know how to pVERS. 4.That euery of you ſhould knew, &c.WHether in theſe words Paul would preſcribe remedie againſVERS. 5.Not in the luſt of Concupiſcence, as the Gentiles which know not God.NOt in the luſt of ConcVERS. 6.That no man goe beyond and defraud his brother in any matter, becauſe that the Lord is the aVERS. 7.8.For God hath not called vs vnto vncleanneſſe, but vnto holineſſe.He therefore that deſpiſeVERS. 8.Hee therefore that deſpiſeth, &c.THe ſecond reaſon inferred out of the former; it implies thVERS. 9.10.But as touching brotherly loue, yee need not that I write vnto you: For yee your ſelues aVERS. 10.But wee beſeech you, Brethren, that yee increaſe more and more.THe exerciſe of loue in thisVERS. 11.12.And that yee ſtudie to bee quiet, and to doe your owne buſineſſe, and to worke with yourVERS. 13.14.But I would not haue you to be ignorant, Brethren, concerning them which are aſleepe; thVERS. 14.For if wee beleeue that Chriſt died and roſe againe, &c.THe laſt reaſon preſſing moderationVERS. 15.16.17.For this we ſay vnto you in the Word of the Lord, that we which liue, which remaine aVERS. 16.For the Lord himſelfe ſhall deſcend from Heauen with a ſhout, with the voice of the ArchangVERS. 17.Then we which liue, &c.AVGVSTINE here propounds the Queſtion,Auguſtine. Whether they whom CVERS. 18.Wherefore, comfort one another with theſe words.THe inference out of this whole Treaty, touVERS. 1.2.But of the times and ſeaſons, Brethren, ye haue no need that I write vnto you:For your ſelVERS. 3.For when they ſhall ſay, Peace and ſafety; then ſudden deſtruction commeth vpon them, as traVERS. 4.5.6.But yee, Brethren, are not in darkeneſſe, that that Day ſhould ouertake you as a Thiefe.VERS. 5.6.Yee are all the children of Light, and children of the Day, &c.〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉eſVERS. 7.8.For they that ſleepe, ſleepe in the Night; and they that are drunken, are drunken in the NVERS. 9.10.For God hath not appointed vs to wrath, but to obtaine ſaluation by our Lord Ieſus ChristVERS. 11.Wherefore comfort your ſelues together, and edifie one another, euen as alſo wee doe.THe woVERS. 12, 13.And we beſeech you, Brethren, to know them which labour among you, and are ouer you in VERS. 14.Now wee exhort you, Brethren, warne them that are diſorderly, comfort the feeble-minded, ſuVERS. 15.See that none render euill for euill vnto any man: but euer follow that which is good, bothVERS. 16.Reioyce euermore.WE haue here two things; Firſt, The act or dutie, Reioyce. Secondly, The cVERS. 17.Pray continually.THis Precept and thoſe that follow, are ſubordinate to the former, tendingVERS. 18.In euery thing giue thankes; for this is the will of God in Chriſt Ieſus, concerning you.A VERS. 19.Quench not the Spirit.THe third Precept ſubordinate to preſeruation of Chriſtian ioy: whereVERS. 20.Deſpiſe not Prophecyings.THe duetie he preſcribed, tends in the holy practice of it, to preVERS. 21.Prooue all things; hold faſt that which is good.THe former Precept inioyned diligence in heVERS. 22.Abſteine from all appearance of euill._〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉, there be that take LogicaVERS. 23.And the very God of Peace ſanctifie you wholly: and I pray God, your whole ſpirit, and ſoulVERS. 24.Faithfull is he that calleth you, who alſo will doe it.THe ſecond part of the Concluſion, dVERS. 25.Brethren, Pray for vs.THe third particle of the concluſion: wherin the Apoſtle prayes the hVERS. 26.Greete all the Brethren with a holy kiſſe.THe fourth branch of the concluſion. Pauls greetiVERS. 27.I charge you by the Lord, that this Epistle be read to all the holy brethren.THe fift part 
1. THE SECOND CHAPTER OF THE FIRST EPISTLE TO THE THESSALONIANS.
VERS. 2.3.We giue thanks to God alwayes for you all, making mention of you in our prayers,RemembringVERS. 4.Knowing, Brethren beloued, your election of God.WHether that (of God) be referred to belouedVERS. 5.For our Goſpell came not vnto you in Word onely, but alſo in Power, and in the holy Ghost, aVERS. 6.And yee became followers of vs and of the Lord, hauing receiued the Word in much affliction VERS. 7.8.So that yee became enſamples to all that beleeue in Macedonia and Achaia.For from you ſounVERS. 8.For from you ſounded out the Word of God, &c.THe ſecond branch of their commendation, is theVERS. 9.10.For they themſelues ſhew of vs, what manner of entring in we had vnto you, and how yee tuVERS. 10.And to wait for his Sonne from heauen.THat act of theirs let vs firſt take notice of, and tVERS. 1.For your ſelues, Brethren, know our entrance in vnto you that it was not vaine.THis Chapter VERS. 2.But euen after that we had ſuffered before, and were ſhamefully entreated, as yee know, at PVERS. 3.4.Our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of vncleanneſſe, nor in guile:But as wee were allowVERS. 4.But as wee were allowed of God to bee put in truſt with the Goſpell, ſo wee ſpeake, not as pVERS. 5.6.For neither at any time vſed we flattering words, as yee know, nor a cloke of couetouſneſſVERS. 7.8.But wee were gentle among you, euen as a Nurſe cheriſheth her children.So being affectionaVERS. 9.For ye remember, Brethren, our labour and trauaile, for labouring night and day, becauſe we VERS. 10.11.12.Yee are witneſſes, and GOD alſo, how holily, and iuſtly, and vnblameably we behaued oVERS. 11.As yee know how wee exhorted and teſtified, &c.WHat he proteſted of his holy and blameleſſeVERS. 12.That yee would walke worthy of God, who hath called you vnto his Kingdome and glorie.THe maVERS. 13.For this cauſe alſo thanke wee God, without ceaſing, becauſe when yee receiued the Word of VERS. 14.For yee, Brethren, became followers of the Churches of God which in Iudea are in Chriſt IeſVERS. 15.16.Who both killed the Lord Ieſus, and their own Prophets, and haue perſecuted vs: and theyVERS. 17.18.But wee, Brethren, being taken from you for a ſhort time in preſence, not in heart, endeVERS. 19.20.For what is our hope or ioy or Crowne of reioycing? Are not euen yee in the preſence of VERS. 1.2.Wherefore when wee could no longer forbeare, wee thought it good to be left at Athens alonVERS. 2.And ſent TIMOTHEVS, &c.FOlloweth the perſon ſelected to ſupply Pauls abſence, and his commenVERS. 3.4.That no man ſhould bee mooued by theſe afflictions; for your ſelues know that we are appoiVERS. 5.For this cauſe when I could no longer forbeare, I ſent to know your Faith, leſt by ſome meanVERS. 6.7.But now when TIMOTHEVS came from you to vs, and brought vs good tydings of your Faith and VERS. 7.Therefore, Brethren, wee were comforted ouer you in all our affliction and diſtreſſe, &c.THEVERS. 8.For now we liue, if yee ſtand faſt in the Lord.THE ſecond effect, life; we liue, if ye ſtandVERS. 9.For what thankes can wee render againe to God for you, for all the ioy wherewith we ioy for VERS. 10.Night and day praying exceedingly, that wee might ſee your face, and might perfit that whicVERS. 11.Now God himſelfe, euen our Father, and our LORD IESVS CHRIST, direct our way vnto you.And tVERS. 12.And the Lord make you to increaſe and abound in loue, &c.THE ſecond thing requeſted, is theVERS. 13.To the end hee may eſtabliſh your hearts vnblameable in holineſſe.THE ſecond inducement, isVERS. 1.2.Furthermore then we beſeech you, Brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Ieſus, that as yee hVERS. 3.For this it the will of God, euen your ſanctification —THe Apoſtle declares the Grace of GodVERS. 3, 4, 5.— That you ſhould abſtaine from fornication.That euery one of you ſhould know how to pVERS. 4.That euery of you ſhould knew, &c.WHether in theſe words Paul would preſcribe remedie againſVERS. 5.Not in the luſt of Concupiſcence, as the Gentiles which know not God.NOt in the luſt of ConcVERS. 6.That no man goe beyond and defraud his brother in any matter, becauſe that the Lord is the aVERS. 7.8.For God hath not called vs vnto vncleanneſſe, but vnto holineſſe.He therefore that deſpiſeVERS. 8.Hee therefore that deſpiſeth, &c.THe ſecond reaſon inferred out of the former; it implies thVERS. 9.10.But as touching brotherly loue, yee need not that I write vnto you: For yee your ſelues aVERS. 10.But wee beſeech you, Brethren, that yee increaſe more and more.THe exerciſe of loue in thisVERS. 11.12.And that yee ſtudie to bee quiet, and to doe your owne buſineſſe, and to worke with yourVERS. 13.14.But I would not haue you to be ignorant, Brethren, concerning them which are aſleepe; thVERS. 14.For if wee beleeue that Chriſt died and roſe againe, &c.THe laſt reaſon preſſing moderationVERS. 15.16.17.For this we ſay vnto you in the Word of the Lord, that we which liue, which remaine aVERS. 16.For the Lord himſelfe ſhall deſcend from Heauen with a ſhout, with the voice of the ArchangVERS. 17.Then we which liue, &c.AVGVSTINE here propounds the Queſtion,Auguſtine. Whether they whom CVERS. 18.Wherefore, comfort one another with theſe words.THe inference out of this whole Treaty, touVERS. 1.2.But of the times and ſeaſons, Brethren, ye haue no need that I write vnto you:For your ſelVERS. 3.For when they ſhall ſay, Peace and ſafety; then ſudden deſtruction commeth vpon them, as traVERS. 4.5.6.But yee, Brethren, are not in darkeneſſe, that that Day ſhould ouertake you as a Thiefe.VERS. 5.6.Yee are all the children of Light, and children of the Day, &c.〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉eſVERS. 7.8.For they that ſleepe, ſleepe in the Night; and they that are drunken, are drunken in the NVERS. 9.10.For God hath not appointed vs to wrath, but to obtaine ſaluation by our Lord Ieſus ChristVERS. 11.Wherefore comfort your ſelues together, and edifie one another, euen as alſo wee doe.THe woVERS. 12, 13.And we beſeech you, Brethren, to know them which labour among you, and are ouer you in VERS. 14.Now wee exhort you, Brethren, warne them that are diſorderly, comfort the feeble-minded, ſuVERS. 15.See that none render euill for euill vnto any man: but euer follow that which is good, bothVERS. 16.Reioyce euermore.WE haue here two things; Firſt, The act or dutie, Reioyce. Secondly, The cVERS. 17.Pray continually.THis Precept and thoſe that follow, are ſubordinate to the former, tendingVERS. 18.In euery thing giue thankes; for this is the will of God in Chriſt Ieſus, concerning you.A VERS. 19.Quench not the Spirit.THe third Precept ſubordinate to preſeruation of Chriſtian ioy: whereVERS. 20.Deſpiſe not Prophecyings.THe duetie he preſcribed, tends in the holy practice of it, to preVERS. 21.Prooue all things; hold faſt that which is good.THe former Precept inioyned diligence in heVERS. 22.Abſteine from all appearance of euill._〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉, there be that take LogicaVERS. 23.And the very God of Peace ſanctifie you wholly: and I pray God, your whole ſpirit, and ſoulVERS. 24.Faithfull is he that calleth you, who alſo will doe it.THe ſecond part of the Concluſion, dVERS. 25.Brethren, Pray for vs.THe third particle of the concluſion: wherin the Apoſtle prayes the hVERS. 26.Greete all the Brethren with a holy kiſſe.THe fourth branch of the concluſion. Pauls greetiVERS. 27.I charge you by the Lord, that this Epistle be read to all the holy brethren.THe fift part 
1. THE THIRD CHAPTER OF THE FIRST EPISTLE TO THE THESSALONIANS.
VERS. 2.3.We giue thanks to God alwayes for you all, making mention of you in our prayers,RemembringVERS. 4.Knowing, Brethren beloued, your election of God.WHether that (of God) be referred to belouedVERS. 5.For our Goſpell came not vnto you in Word onely, but alſo in Power, and in the holy Ghost, aVERS. 6.And yee became followers of vs and of the Lord, hauing receiued the Word in much affliction VERS. 7.8.So that yee became enſamples to all that beleeue in Macedonia and Achaia.For from you ſounVERS. 8.For from you ſounded out the Word of God, &c.THe ſecond branch of their commendation, is theVERS. 9.10.For they themſelues ſhew of vs, what manner of entring in we had vnto you, and how yee tuVERS. 10.And to wait for his Sonne from heauen.THat act of theirs let vs firſt take notice of, and tVERS. 1.For your ſelues, Brethren, know our entrance in vnto you that it was not vaine.THis Chapter VERS. 2.But euen after that we had ſuffered before, and were ſhamefully entreated, as yee know, at PVERS. 3.4.Our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of vncleanneſſe, nor in guile:But as wee were allowVERS. 4.But as wee were allowed of God to bee put in truſt with the Goſpell, ſo wee ſpeake, not as pVERS. 5.6.For neither at any time vſed we flattering words, as yee know, nor a cloke of couetouſneſſVERS. 7.8.But wee were gentle among you, euen as a Nurſe cheriſheth her children.So being affectionaVERS. 9.For ye remember, Brethren, our labour and trauaile, for labouring night and day, becauſe we VERS. 10.11.12.Yee are witneſſes, and GOD alſo, how holily, and iuſtly, and vnblameably we behaued oVERS. 11.As yee know how wee exhorted and teſtified, &c.WHat he proteſted of his holy and blameleſſeVERS. 12.That yee would walke worthy of God, who hath called you vnto his Kingdome and glorie.THe maVERS. 13.For this cauſe alſo thanke wee God, without ceaſing, becauſe when yee receiued the Word of VERS. 14.For yee, Brethren, became followers of the Churches of God which in Iudea are in Chriſt IeſVERS. 15.16.Who both killed the Lord Ieſus, and their own Prophets, and haue perſecuted vs: and theyVERS. 17.18.But wee, Brethren, being taken from you for a ſhort time in preſence, not in heart, endeVERS. 19.20.For what is our hope or ioy or Crowne of reioycing? Are not euen yee in the preſence of VERS. 1.2.Wherefore when wee could no longer forbeare, wee thought it good to be left at Athens alonVERS. 2.And ſent TIMOTHEVS, &c.FOlloweth the perſon ſelected to ſupply Pauls abſence, and his commenVERS. 3.4.That no man ſhould bee mooued by theſe afflictions; for your ſelues know that we are appoiVERS. 5.For this cauſe when I could no longer forbeare, I ſent to know your Faith, leſt by ſome meanVERS. 6.7.But now when TIMOTHEVS came from you to vs, and brought vs good tydings of your Faith and VERS. 7.Therefore, Brethren, wee were comforted ouer you in all our affliction and diſtreſſe, &c.THEVERS. 8.For now we liue, if yee ſtand faſt in the Lord.THE ſecond effect, life; we liue, if ye ſtandVERS. 9.For what thankes can wee render againe to God for you, for all the ioy wherewith we ioy for VERS. 10.Night and day praying exceedingly, that wee might ſee your face, and might perfit that whicVERS. 11.Now God himſelfe, euen our Father, and our LORD IESVS CHRIST, direct our way vnto you.And tVERS. 12.And the Lord make you to increaſe and abound in loue, &c.THE ſecond thing requeſted, is theVERS. 13.To the end hee may eſtabliſh your hearts vnblameable in holineſſe.THE ſecond inducement, isVERS. 1.2.Furthermore then we beſeech you, Brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Ieſus, that as yee hVERS. 3.For this it the will of God, euen your ſanctification —THe Apoſtle declares the Grace of GodVERS. 3, 4, 5.— That you ſhould abſtaine from fornication.That euery one of you ſhould know how to pVERS. 4.That euery of you ſhould knew, &c.WHether in theſe words Paul would preſcribe remedie againſVERS. 5.Not in the luſt of Concupiſcence, as the Gentiles which know not God.NOt in the luſt of ConcVERS. 6.That no man goe beyond and defraud his brother in any matter, becauſe that the Lord is the aVERS. 7.8.For God hath not called vs vnto vncleanneſſe, but vnto holineſſe.He therefore that deſpiſeVERS. 8.Hee therefore that deſpiſeth, &c.THe ſecond reaſon inferred out of the former; it implies thVERS. 9.10.But as touching brotherly loue, yee need not that I write vnto you: For yee your ſelues aVERS. 10.But wee beſeech you, Brethren, that yee increaſe more and more.THe exerciſe of loue in thisVERS. 11.12.And that yee ſtudie to bee quiet, and to doe your owne buſineſſe, and to worke with yourVERS. 13.14.But I would not haue you to be ignorant, Brethren, concerning them which are aſleepe; thVERS. 14.For if wee beleeue that Chriſt died and roſe againe, &c.THe laſt reaſon preſſing moderationVERS. 15.16.17.For this we ſay vnto you in the Word of the Lord, that we which liue, which remaine aVERS. 16.For the Lord himſelfe ſhall deſcend from Heauen with a ſhout, with the voice of the ArchangVERS. 17.Then we which liue, &c.AVGVSTINE here propounds the Queſtion,Auguſtine. Whether they whom CVERS. 18.Wherefore, comfort one another with theſe words.THe inference out of this whole Treaty, touVERS. 1.2.But of the times and ſeaſons, Brethren, ye haue no need that I write vnto you:For your ſelVERS. 3.For when they ſhall ſay, Peace and ſafety; then ſudden deſtruction commeth vpon them, as traVERS. 4.5.6.But yee, Brethren, are not in darkeneſſe, that that Day ſhould ouertake you as a Thiefe.VERS. 5.6.Yee are all the children of Light, and children of the Day, &c.〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉eſVERS. 7.8.For they that ſleepe, ſleepe in the Night; and they that are drunken, are drunken in the NVERS. 9.10.For God hath not appointed vs to wrath, but to obtaine ſaluation by our Lord Ieſus ChristVERS. 11.Wherefore comfort your ſelues together, and edifie one another, euen as alſo wee doe.THe woVERS. 12, 13.And we beſeech you, Brethren, to know them which labour among you, and are ouer you in VERS. 14.Now wee exhort you, Brethren, warne them that are diſorderly, comfort the feeble-minded, ſuVERS. 15.See that none render euill for euill vnto any man: but euer follow that which is good, bothVERS. 16.Reioyce euermore.WE haue here two things; Firſt, The act or dutie, Reioyce. Secondly, The cVERS. 17.Pray continually.THis Precept and thoſe that follow, are ſubordinate to the former, tendingVERS. 18.In euery thing giue thankes; for this is the will of God in Chriſt Ieſus, concerning you.A VERS. 19.Quench not the Spirit.THe third Precept ſubordinate to preſeruation of Chriſtian ioy: whereVERS. 20.Deſpiſe not Prophecyings.THe duetie he preſcribed, tends in the holy practice of it, to preVERS. 21.Prooue all things; hold faſt that which is good.THe former Precept inioyned diligence in heVERS. 22.Abſteine from all appearance of euill._〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉, there be that take LogicaVERS. 23.And the very God of Peace ſanctifie you wholly: and I pray God, your whole ſpirit, and ſoulVERS. 24.Faithfull is he that calleth you, who alſo will doe it.THe ſecond part of the Concluſion, dVERS. 25.Brethren, Pray for vs.THe third particle of the concluſion: wherin the Apoſtle prayes the hVERS. 26.Greete all the Brethren with a holy kiſſe.THe fourth branch of the concluſion. Pauls greetiVERS. 27.I charge you by the Lord, that this Epistle be read to all the holy brethren.THe fift part 
1. THE FOVRTH CHAPTER OF THE FIRST EPISTLE TO THE THESSALONIANS.
VERS. 2.3.We giue thanks to God alwayes for you all, making mention of you in our prayers,RemembringVERS. 4.Knowing, Brethren beloued, your election of God.WHether that (of God) be referred to belouedVERS. 5.For our Goſpell came not vnto you in Word onely, but alſo in Power, and in the holy Ghost, aVERS. 6.And yee became followers of vs and of the Lord, hauing receiued the Word in much affliction VERS. 7.8.So that yee became enſamples to all that beleeue in Macedonia and Achaia.For from you ſounVERS. 8.For from you ſounded out the Word of God, &c.THe ſecond branch of their commendation, is theVERS. 9.10.For they themſelues ſhew of vs, what manner of entring in we had vnto you, and how yee tuVERS. 10.And to wait for his Sonne from heauen.THat act of theirs let vs firſt take notice of, and tVERS. 1.For your ſelues, Brethren, know our entrance in vnto you that it was not vaine.THis Chapter VERS. 2.But euen after that we had ſuffered before, and were ſhamefully entreated, as yee know, at PVERS. 3.4.Our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of vncleanneſſe, nor in guile:But as wee were allowVERS. 4.But as wee were allowed of God to bee put in truſt with the Goſpell, ſo wee ſpeake, not as pVERS. 5.6.For neither at any time vſed we flattering words, as yee know, nor a cloke of couetouſneſſVERS. 7.8.But wee were gentle among you, euen as a Nurſe cheriſheth her children.So being affectionaVERS. 9.For ye remember, Brethren, our labour and trauaile, for labouring night and day, becauſe we VERS. 10.11.12.Yee are witneſſes, and GOD alſo, how holily, and iuſtly, and vnblameably we behaued oVERS. 11.As yee know how wee exhorted and teſtified, &c.WHat he proteſted of his holy and blameleſſeVERS. 12.That yee would walke worthy of God, who hath called you vnto his Kingdome and glorie.THe maVERS. 13.For this cauſe alſo thanke wee God, without ceaſing, becauſe when yee receiued the Word of VERS. 14.For yee, Brethren, became followers of the Churches of God which in Iudea are in Chriſt IeſVERS. 15.16.Who both killed the Lord Ieſus, and their own Prophets, and haue perſecuted vs: and theyVERS. 17.18.But wee, Brethren, being taken from you for a ſhort time in preſence, not in heart, endeVERS. 19.20.For what is our hope or ioy or Crowne of reioycing? Are not euen yee in the preſence of VERS. 1.2.Wherefore when wee could no longer forbeare, wee thought it good to be left at Athens alonVERS. 2.And ſent TIMOTHEVS, &c.FOlloweth the perſon ſelected to ſupply Pauls abſence, and his commenVERS. 3.4.That no man ſhould bee mooued by theſe afflictions; for your ſelues know that we are appoiVERS. 5.For this cauſe when I could no longer forbeare, I ſent to know your Faith, leſt by ſome meanVERS. 6.7.But now when TIMOTHEVS came from you to vs, and brought vs good tydings of your Faith and VERS. 7.Therefore, Brethren, wee were comforted ouer you in all our affliction and diſtreſſe, &c.THEVERS. 8.For now we liue, if yee ſtand faſt in the Lord.THE ſecond effect, life; we liue, if ye ſtandVERS. 9.For what thankes can wee render againe to God for you, for all the ioy wherewith we ioy for VERS. 10.Night and day praying exceedingly, that wee might ſee your face, and might perfit that whicVERS. 11.Now God himſelfe, euen our Father, and our LORD IESVS CHRIST, direct our way vnto you.And tVERS. 12.And the Lord make you to increaſe and abound in loue, &c.THE ſecond thing requeſted, is theVERS. 13.To the end hee may eſtabliſh your hearts vnblameable in holineſſe.THE ſecond inducement, isVERS. 1.2.Furthermore then we beſeech you, Brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Ieſus, that as yee hVERS. 3.For this it the will of God, euen your ſanctification —THe Apoſtle declares the Grace of GodVERS. 3, 4, 5.— That you ſhould abſtaine from fornication.That euery one of you ſhould know how to pVERS. 4.That euery of you ſhould knew, &c.WHether in theſe words Paul would preſcribe remedie againſVERS. 5.Not in the luſt of Concupiſcence, as the Gentiles which know not God.NOt in the luſt of ConcVERS. 6.That no man goe beyond and defraud his brother in any matter, becauſe that the Lord is the aVERS. 7.8.For God hath not called vs vnto vncleanneſſe, but vnto holineſſe.He therefore that deſpiſeVERS. 8.Hee therefore that deſpiſeth, &c.THe ſecond reaſon inferred out of the former; it implies thVERS. 9.10.But as touching brotherly loue, yee need not that I write vnto you: For yee your ſelues aVERS. 10.But wee beſeech you, Brethren, that yee increaſe more and more.THe exerciſe of loue in thisVERS. 11.12.And that yee ſtudie to bee quiet, and to doe your owne buſineſſe, and to worke with yourVERS. 13.14.But I would not haue you to be ignorant, Brethren, concerning them which are aſleepe; thVERS. 14.For if wee beleeue that Chriſt died and roſe againe, &c.THe laſt reaſon preſſing moderationVERS. 15.16.17.For this we ſay vnto you in the Word of the Lord, that we which liue, which remaine aVERS. 16.For the Lord himſelfe ſhall deſcend from Heauen with a ſhout, with the voice of the ArchangVERS. 17.Then we which liue, &c.AVGVSTINE here propounds the Queſtion,Auguſtine. Whether they whom CVERS. 18.Wherefore, comfort one another with theſe words.THe inference out of this whole Treaty, touVERS. 1.2.But of the times and ſeaſons, Brethren, ye haue no need that I write vnto you:For your ſelVERS. 3.For when they ſhall ſay, Peace and ſafety; then ſudden deſtruction commeth vpon them, as traVERS. 4.5.6.But yee, Brethren, are not in darkeneſſe, that that Day ſhould ouertake you as a Thiefe.VERS. 5.6.Yee are all the children of Light, and children of the Day, &c.〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉eſVERS. 7.8.For they that ſleepe, ſleepe in the Night; and they that are drunken, are drunken in the NVERS. 9.10.For God hath not appointed vs to wrath, but to obtaine ſaluation by our Lord Ieſus ChristVERS. 11.Wherefore comfort your ſelues together, and edifie one another, euen as alſo wee doe.THe woVERS. 12, 13.And we beſeech you, Brethren, to know them which labour among you, and are ouer you in VERS. 14.Now wee exhort you, Brethren, warne them that are diſorderly, comfort the feeble-minded, ſuVERS. 15.See that none render euill for euill vnto any man: but euer follow that which is good, bothVERS. 16.Reioyce euermore.WE haue here two things; Firſt, The act or dutie, Reioyce. Secondly, The cVERS. 17.Pray continually.THis Precept and thoſe that follow, are ſubordinate to the former, tendingVERS. 18.In euery thing giue thankes; for this is the will of God in Chriſt Ieſus, concerning you.A VERS. 19.Quench not the Spirit.THe third Precept ſubordinate to preſeruation of Chriſtian ioy: whereVERS. 20.Deſpiſe not Prophecyings.THe duetie he preſcribed, tends in the holy practice of it, to preVERS. 21.Prooue all things; hold faſt that which is good.THe former Precept inioyned diligence in heVERS. 22.Abſteine from all appearance of euill._〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉, there be that take LogicaVERS. 23.And the very God of Peace ſanctifie you wholly: and I pray God, your whole ſpirit, and ſoulVERS. 24.Faithfull is he that calleth you, who alſo will doe it.THe ſecond part of the Concluſion, dVERS. 25.Brethren, Pray for vs.THe third particle of the concluſion: wherin the Apoſtle prayes the hVERS. 26.Greete all the Brethren with a holy kiſſe.THe fourth branch of the concluſion. Pauls greetiVERS. 27.I charge you by the Lord, that this Epistle be read to all the holy brethren.THe fift part 
1. THE FIFTH CHAPTER OF THE FIRST EPISTLE TO THE THESSALONIANS.
VERS. 2.3.We giue thanks to God alwayes for you all, making mention of you in our prayers,RemembringVERS. 4.Knowing, Brethren beloued, your election of God.WHether that (of God) be referred to belouedVERS. 5.For our Goſpell came not vnto you in Word onely, but alſo in Power, and in the holy Ghost, aVERS. 6.And yee became followers of vs and of the Lord, hauing receiued the Word in much affliction VERS. 7.8.So that yee became enſamples to all that beleeue in Macedonia and Achaia.For from you ſounVERS. 8.For from you ſounded out the Word of God, &c.THe ſecond branch of their commendation, is theVERS. 9.10.For they themſelues ſhew of vs, what manner of entring in we had vnto you, and how yee tuVERS. 10.And to wait for his Sonne from heauen.THat act of theirs let vs firſt take notice of, and tVERS. 1.For your ſelues, Brethren, know our entrance in vnto you that it was not vaine.THis Chapter VERS. 2.But euen after that we had ſuffered before, and were ſhamefully entreated, as yee know, at PVERS. 3.4.Our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of vncleanneſſe, nor in guile:But as wee were allowVERS. 4.But as wee were allowed of God to bee put in truſt with the Goſpell, ſo wee ſpeake, not as pVERS. 5.6.For neither at any time vſed we flattering words, as yee know, nor a cloke of couetouſneſſVERS. 7.8.But wee were gentle among you, euen as a Nurſe cheriſheth her children.So being affectionaVERS. 9.For ye remember, Brethren, our labour and trauaile, for labouring night and day, becauſe we VERS. 10.11.12.Yee are witneſſes, and GOD alſo, how holily, and iuſtly, and vnblameably we behaued oVERS. 11.As yee know how wee exhorted and teſtified, &c.WHat he proteſted of his holy and blameleſſeVERS. 12.That yee would walke worthy of God, who hath called you vnto his Kingdome and glorie.THe maVERS. 13.For this cauſe alſo thanke wee God, without ceaſing, becauſe when yee receiued the Word of VERS. 14.For yee, Brethren, became followers of the Churches of God which in Iudea are in Chriſt IeſVERS. 15.16.Who both killed the Lord Ieſus, and their own Prophets, and haue perſecuted vs: and theyVERS. 17.18.But wee, Brethren, being taken from you for a ſhort time in preſence, not in heart, endeVERS. 19.20.For what is our hope or ioy or Crowne of reioycing? Are not euen yee in the preſence of VERS. 1.2.Wherefore when wee could no longer forbeare, wee thought it good to be left at Athens alonVERS. 2.And ſent TIMOTHEVS, &c.FOlloweth the perſon ſelected to ſupply Pauls abſence, and his commenVERS. 3.4.That no man ſhould bee mooued by theſe afflictions; for your ſelues know that we are appoiVERS. 5.For this cauſe when I could no longer forbeare, I ſent to know your Faith, leſt by ſome meanVERS. 6.7.But now when TIMOTHEVS came from you to vs, and brought vs good tydings of your Faith and VERS. 7.Therefore, Brethren, wee were comforted ouer you in all our affliction and diſtreſſe, &c.THEVERS. 8.For now we liue, if yee ſtand faſt in the Lord.THE ſecond effect, life; we liue, if ye ſtandVERS. 9.For what thankes can wee render againe to God for you, for all the ioy wherewith we ioy for VERS. 10.Night and day praying exceedingly, that wee might ſee your face, and might perfit that whicVERS. 11.Now God himſelfe, euen our Father, and our LORD IESVS CHRIST, direct our way vnto you.And tVERS. 12.And the Lord make you to increaſe and abound in loue, &c.THE ſecond thing requeſted, is theVERS. 13.To the end hee may eſtabliſh your hearts vnblameable in holineſſe.THE ſecond inducement, isVERS. 1.2.Furthermore then we beſeech you, Brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Ieſus, that as yee hVERS. 3.For this it the will of God, euen your ſanctification —THe Apoſtle declares the Grace of GodVERS. 3, 4, 5.— That you ſhould abſtaine from fornication.That euery one of you ſhould know how to pVERS. 4.That euery of you ſhould knew, &c.WHether in theſe words Paul would preſcribe remedie againſVERS. 5.Not in the luſt of Concupiſcence, as the Gentiles which know not God.NOt in the luſt of ConcVERS. 6.That no man goe beyond and defraud his brother in any matter, becauſe that the Lord is the aVERS. 7.8.For God hath not called vs vnto vncleanneſſe, but vnto holineſſe.He therefore that deſpiſeVERS. 8.Hee therefore that deſpiſeth, &c.THe ſecond reaſon inferred out of the former; it implies thVERS. 9.10.But as touching brotherly loue, yee need not that I write vnto you: For yee your ſelues aVERS. 10.But wee beſeech you, Brethren, that yee increaſe more and more.THe exerciſe of loue in thisVERS. 11.12.And that yee ſtudie to bee quiet, and to doe your owne buſineſſe, and to worke with yourVERS. 13.14.But I would not haue you to be ignorant, Brethren, concerning them which are aſleepe; thVERS. 14.For if wee beleeue that Chriſt died and roſe againe, &c.THe laſt reaſon preſſing moderationVERS. 15.16.17.For this we ſay vnto you in the Word of the Lord, that we which liue, which remaine aVERS. 16.For the Lord himſelfe ſhall deſcend from Heauen with a ſhout, with the voice of the ArchangVERS. 17.Then we which liue, &c.AVGVSTINE here propounds the Queſtion,Auguſtine. Whether they whom CVERS. 18.Wherefore, comfort one another with theſe words.THe inference out of this whole Treaty, touVERS. 1.2.But of the times and ſeaſons, Brethren, ye haue no need that I write vnto you:For your ſelVERS. 3.For when they ſhall ſay, Peace and ſafety; then ſudden deſtruction commeth vpon them, as traVERS. 4.5.6.But yee, Brethren, are not in darkeneſſe, that that Day ſhould ouertake you as a Thiefe.VERS. 5.6.Yee are all the children of Light, and children of the Day, &c.〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉eſVERS. 7.8.For they that ſleepe, ſleepe in the Night; and they that are drunken, are drunken in the NVERS. 9.10.For God hath not appointed vs to wrath, but to obtaine ſaluation by our Lord Ieſus ChristVERS. 11.Wherefore comfort your ſelues together, and edifie one another, euen as alſo wee doe.THe woVERS. 12, 13.And we beſeech you, Brethren, to know them which labour among you, and are ouer you in VERS. 14.Now wee exhort you, Brethren, warne them that are diſorderly, comfort the feeble-minded, ſuVERS. 15.See that none render euill for euill vnto any man: but euer follow that which is good, bothVERS. 16.Reioyce euermore.WE haue here two things; Firſt, The act or dutie, Reioyce. Secondly, The cVERS. 17.Pray continually.THis Precept and thoſe that follow, are ſubordinate to the former, tendingVERS. 18.In euery thing giue thankes; for this is the will of God in Chriſt Ieſus, concerning you.A VERS. 19.Quench not the Spirit.THe third Precept ſubordinate to preſeruation of Chriſtian ioy: whereVERS. 20.Deſpiſe not Prophecyings.THe duetie he preſcribed, tends in the holy practice of it, to preVERS. 21.Prooue all things; hold faſt that which is good.THe former Precept inioyned diligence in heVERS. 22.Abſteine from all appearance of euill._〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉, there be that take LogicaVERS. 23.And the very God of Peace ſanctifie you wholly: and I pray God, your whole ſpirit, and ſoulVERS. 24.Faithfull is he that calleth you, who alſo will doe it.THe ſecond part of the Concluſion, dVERS. 25.Brethren, Pray for vs.THe third particle of the concluſion: wherin the Apoſtle prayes the hVERS. 26.Greete all the Brethren with a holy kiſſe.THe fourth branch of the concluſion. Pauls greetiVERS. 27.I charge you by the Lord, that this Epistle be read to all the holy brethren.THe fift part 
#####Back#####

1. Errata.

**Types of content**

  * There are 2 **verse** lines!
  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 125 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (125) : foreign (65), illegible (60)  •  @__resp__ (60) : #OXF (60)  •  @__extent__ (60) : 1 letter (41), 2 letters (12), 3 letters (2), 1 word (4), 4 letters (1)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|ùàâèéûòôîì|249 224 226 232 233 251 242 244 238 236|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|Combining             Diacritical Marks|̄|772|
|General Punctuation|•—|8226 8212|
|Geometric Shapes|◊▪|9674 9642|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2012-10 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), PROQUEST (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|6||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|1||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__am__|6||
|2.|__back__|1||
|3.|__bibl__|75||
|4.|__body__|1||
|5.|__closer__|2||
|6.|__date__|1||
|7.|__dateline__|1||
|8.|__desc__|125||
|9.|__div__|83| @__type__ (83) : title_page (1), dedication (1), to_the_reader (1), chapter (5), verse (74), errata (1)  •  @__n__ (79) : 1 (2), 2,3 (1), 4 (4), 5 (4), 6 (2), 7,8 (4), 8 (3), 9,10 (3), 10 (3), 2 (3), 3 (4), 5,6 (2), 9 (2), 10,11,12 (1), 11 (3), 12 (2), 13 (2), 14 (3), 15,16 (1), 17,18 (1), 19,20 (1), 1,2 (3), 3,4 (1), 6,7 (1), 7 (1), 3,4,5 (1), 11,12 (1), 13,14 (1), 15,16,17 (1), 16 (2), 17 (2), 18 (2), 4,5,6 (1), 12,13 (1), 15 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1)|
|10.|__epigraph__|75||
|11.|__ex__|6||
|12.|__expan__|6||
|13.|__front__|1||
|14.|__g__|4540| @__ref__ (4540) : char:EOLhyphen (4414), char:V (24), char:cmbAbbrStroke (90), char:abque (6), char:EOLunhyphen (3), char:punc (3)|
|15.|__gap__|125| @__reason__ (125) : foreign (65), illegible (60)  •  @__resp__ (60) : #OXF (60)  •  @__extent__ (60) : 1 letter (41), 2 letters (12), 3 letters (2), 1 word (4), 4 letters (1)|
|16.|__head__|8||
|17.|__hi__|10295| @__rend__ (2) : sup (2)|
|18.|__item__|2||
|19.|__l__|2||
|20.|__label__|431| @__type__ (431) : milestone (431)|
|21.|__list__|1||
|22.|__milestone__|155| @__type__ (155) : tcpmilestone (155)  •  @__unit__ (155) : unspecified (155)  •  @__n__ (155) : 1 (42), 2 (54), 3 (37), 4 (13), 5 (6), 6 (3)|
|23.|__note__|2613| @__n__ (2488) : * (27), a (109), b (109), c (112), d (109), f (111), g (109), h (110), i (110), k (110), l (107), m (106), n (106), o (107), p (104), q (105), r (106), ſ (104), t (105), u (106), x (104), y (103), z (104), e (105)  •  @__place__ (2613) : margin (2613)|
|24.|__p__|2306||
|25.|__pb__|577| @__facs__ (577) : tcp:17313:1 (1), tcp:17313:2 (2), tcp:17313:3 (2), tcp:17313:4 (2), tcp:17313:5 (2), tcp:17313:6 (2), tcp:17313:7 (2), tcp:17313:8 (2), tcp:17313:9 (2), tcp:17313:10 (2), tcp:17313:11 (2), tcp:17313:12 (2), tcp:17313:13 (2), tcp:17313:14 (2), tcp:17313:15 (2), tcp:17313:16 (2), tcp:17313:17 (2), tcp:17313:18 (2), tcp:17313:19 (2), tcp:17313:20 (2), tcp:17313:21 (2), tcp:17313:22 (2), tcp:17313:23 (2), tcp:17313:24 (2), tcp:17313:25 (2), tcp:17313:26 (2), tcp:17313:27 (2), tcp:17313:28 (2), tcp:17313:29 (2), tcp:17313:30 (2), tcp:17313:31 (2), tcp:17313:32 (2), tcp:17313:33 (2), tcp:17313:34 (2), tcp:17313:35 (2), tcp:17313:36 (2), tcp:17313:37 (2), tcp:17313:38 (2), tcp:17313:39 (2), tcp:17313:40 (2), tcp:17313:41 (2), tcp:17313:42 (2), tcp:17313:43 (2), tcp:17313:44 (2), tcp:17313:45 (2), tcp:17313:46 (2), tcp:17313:47 (2), tcp:17313:48 (2), tcp:17313:49 (2), tcp:17313:50 (2), tcp:17313:51 (2), tcp:17313:52 (2), tcp:17313:53 (2), tcp:17313:54 (2), tcp:17313:55 (2), tcp:17313:56 (2), tcp:17313:57 (2), tcp:17313:58 (2), tcp:17313:59 (2), tcp:17313:60 (2), tcp:17313:61 (2), tcp:17313:62 (2), tcp:17313:63 (2), tcp:17313:64 (2), tcp:17313:65 (2), tcp:17313:66 (2), tcp:17313:67 (2), tcp:17313:68 (2), tcp:17313:69 (2), tcp:17313:70 (2), tcp:17313:71 (2), tcp:17313:72 (2), tcp:17313:73 (2), tcp:17313:74 (2), tcp:17313:75 (2), tcp:17313:76 (2), tcp:17313:77 (2), tcp:17313:78 (2), tcp:17313:79 (2), tcp:17313:80 (2), tcp:17313:81 (2), tcp:17313:82 (2), tcp:17313:83 (2), tcp:17313:84 (2), tcp:17313:85 (2), tcp:17313:86 (2), tcp:17313:87 (2), tcp:17313:88 (2), tcp:17313:89 (2), tcp:17313:90 (2), tcp:17313:91 (2), tcp:17313:92 (2), tcp:17313:93 (2), tcp:17313:94 (2), tcp:17313:95 (2), tcp:17313:96 (2), tcp:17313:97 (2), tcp:17313:98 (2), tcp:17313:99 (2), tcp:17313:100 (2), tcp:17313:101 (2), tcp:17313:102 (2), tcp:17313:103 (2), tcp:17313:104 (2), tcp:17313:105 (2), tcp:17313:106 (2), tcp:17313:107 (2), tcp:17313:108 (2), tcp:17313:109 (2), tcp:17313:110 (2), tcp:17313:111 (2), tcp:17313:112 (2), tcp:17313:113 (2), tcp:17313:114 (2), tcp:17313:115 (2), tcp:17313:116 (2), tcp:17313:117 (2), tcp:17313:118 (2), tcp:17313:119 (2), tcp:17313:120 (2), tcp:17313:121 (2), tcp:17313:122 (2), tcp:17313:123 (2), tcp:17313:124 (2), tcp:17313:125 (2), tcp:17313:126 (2), tcp:17313:127 (2), tcp:17313:128 (2), tcp:17313:129 (2), tcp:17313:130 (2), tcp:17313:131 (2), tcp:17313:132 (2), tcp:17313:133 (2), tcp:17313:134 (2), tcp:17313:135 (2), tcp:17313:136 (2), tcp:17313:137 (2), tcp:17313:138 (2), tcp:17313:139 (2), tcp:17313:140 (2), tcp:17313:141 (2), tcp:17313:142 (2), tcp:17313:143 (2), tcp:17313:144 (2), tcp:17313:145 (2), tcp:17313:146 (2), tcp:17313:147 (2), tcp:17313:148 (2), tcp:17313:149 (2), tcp:17313:150 (2), tcp:17313:151 (2), tcp:17313:152 (2), tcp:17313:153 (2), tcp:17313:154 (2), tcp:17313:155 (2), tcp:17313:156 (2), tcp:17313:157 (2), tcp:17313:158 (2), tcp:17313:159 (2), tcp:17313:160 (2), tcp:17313:161 (2), tcp:17313:162 (2), tcp:17313:163 (2), tcp:17313:164 (2), tcp:17313:165 (2), tcp:17313:166 (2), tcp:17313:167 (2), tcp:17313:168 (2), tcp:17313:169 (2), tcp:17313:170 (2), tcp:17313:171 (2), tcp:17313:172 (2), tcp:17313:173 (2), tcp:17313:174 (2), tcp:17313:175 (2), tcp:17313:176 (2), tcp:17313:177 (2), tcp:17313:178 (2), tcp:17313:179 (2), tcp:17313:180 (2), tcp:17313:181 (2), tcp:17313:182 (2), tcp:17313:183 (2), tcp:17313:184 (2), tcp:17313:185 (2), tcp:17313:186 (2), tcp:17313:187 (2), tcp:17313:188 (2), tcp:17313:189 (2), tcp:17313:190 (2), tcp:17313:191 (2), tcp:17313:192 (2), tcp:17313:193 (2), tcp:17313:194 (2), tcp:17313:195 (2), tcp:17313:196 (2), tcp:17313:197 (2), tcp:17313:198 (2), tcp:17313:199 (2), tcp:17313:200 (2), tcp:17313:201 (2), tcp:17313:202 (2), tcp:17313:203 (2), tcp:17313:204 (2), tcp:17313:205 (2), tcp:17313:206 (2), tcp:17313:207 (2), tcp:17313:208 (2), tcp:17313:209 (2), tcp:17313:210 (2), tcp:17313:211 (2), tcp:17313:212 (2), tcp:17313:213 (2), tcp:17313:214 (2), tcp:17313:215 (2), tcp:17313:216 (2), tcp:17313:217 (2), tcp:17313:218 (2), tcp:17313:219 (2), tcp:17313:220 (2), tcp:17313:221 (2), tcp:17313:222 (2), tcp:17313:223 (2), tcp:17313:224 (2), tcp:17313:225 (2), tcp:17313:226 (2), tcp:17313:227 (2), tcp:17313:228 (2), tcp:17313:229 (2), tcp:17313:230 (2), tcp:17313:231 (2), tcp:17313:232 (2), tcp:17313:233 (2), tcp:17313:234 (2), tcp:17313:235 (2), tcp:17313:236 (2), tcp:17313:237 (2), tcp:17313:238 (2), tcp:17313:239 (2), tcp:17313:240 (2), tcp:17313:241 (2), tcp:17313:242 (2), tcp:17313:243 (2), tcp:17313:244 (2), tcp:17313:245 (2), tcp:17313:246 (2), tcp:17313:247 (2), tcp:17313:248 (2), tcp:17313:249 (2), tcp:17313:250 (2), tcp:17313:251 (2), tcp:17313:252 (2), tcp:17313:253 (2), tcp:17313:254 (2), tcp:17313:255 (2), tcp:17313:256 (2), tcp:17313:257 (2), tcp:17313:258 (2), tcp:17313:259 (2), tcp:17313:260 (2), tcp:17313:261 (2), tcp:17313:262 (2), tcp:17313:263 (2), tcp:17313:264 (2), tcp:17313:265 (2), tcp:17313:266 (2), tcp:17313:267 (2), tcp:17313:268 (2), tcp:17313:269 (2), tcp:17313:270 (2), tcp:17313:271 (2), tcp:17313:272 (2), tcp:17313:273 (2), tcp:17313:274 (2), tcp:17313:275 (2), tcp:17313:276 (2), tcp:17313:277 (2), tcp:17313:278 (2), tcp:17313:279 (2), tcp:17313:280 (2), tcp:17313:281 (2), tcp:17313:282 (2), tcp:17313:283 (2), tcp:17313:284 (2), tcp:17313:285 (2), tcp:17313:286 (2), tcp:17313:287 (2), tcp:17313:288 (2), tcp:17313:289 (2)  •  @__rendition__ (6) : simple:additions (6)  •  @__n__ (562) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (1), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (1), 110 (1), 111 (1), 112 (1), 113 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 119 (1), 120 (1), 121 (1), 122 (1), 123 (1), 124 (1), 125 (1), 126 (1), 127 (1), 128 (1), 129 (1), 130 (1), 131 (1), 132 (1), 133 (1), 134 (1), 135 (1), 136 (1), 137 (1), 138 (1), 139 (1), 140 (1), 141 (1), 142 (2), 143 (2), 144 (1), 145 (1), 146 (2), 147 (2), 148 (1), 149 (1), 152 (1), 153 (1), 156 (1), 157 (1), 158 (1), 159 (1), 160 (1), 161 (1), 162 (1), 163 (1), 164 (1), 165 (1), 166 (1), 167 (1), 168 (1), 169 (1), 170 (1), 171 (1), 172 (1), 173 (1), 174 (1), 175 (1), 176 (1), 177 (1), 178 (1), 179 (1), 180 (1), 181 (1), 182 (1), 183 (1), 184 (1), 185 (1), 186 (1), 187 (1), 188 (1), 189 (1), 190 (1), 191 (1), 192 (1), 193 (1), 194 (1), 195 (1), 197 (1), 198 (1), 199 (1), 200 (1), 201 (1), 202 (1), 203 (1), 204 (1), 205 (1), 206 (1), 207 (1), 208 (1), 209 (1), 210 (1), 211 (1), 212 (1), 213 (1), 214 (1), 215 (1), 216 (1), 217 (1), 218 (1), 219 (1), 220 (1), 221 (1), 222 (1), 223 (1), 224 (1), 225 (1), 226 (1), 227 (1), 228 (1), 229 (1), 230 (1), 231 (1), 232 (1), 233 (1), 234 (1), 235 (1), 236 (1), 237 (1), 238 (1), 239 (1), 240 (1), 241 (1), 242 (1), 243 (1), 244 (1), 245 (1), 246 (1), 247 (1), 248 (1), 249 (1), 250 (1), 251 (1), 252 (1), 253 (1), 255 (1), 256 (1), 257 (1), 258 (1), 259 (1), 260 (1), 261 (1), 262 (1), 263 (1), 264 (1), 265 (1), 266 (1), 267 (1), 268 (1), 269 (1), 270 (1), 271 (1), 272 (1), 273 (1), 274 (1), 275 (1), 276 (1), 277 (1), 278 (1), 279 (1), 280 (1), 281 (1), 282 (1), 283 (1), 284 (1), 285 (1), 286 (1), 287 (1), 288 (1), 289 (1), 290 (1), 291 (1), 292 (1), 293 (1), 294 (1), 295 (1), 296 (1), 297 (1), 298 (1), 299 (1), 300 (1), 301 (1), 306 (2), 307 (2), 304 (1), 305 (1), 308 (1), 309 (1), 310 (1), 311 (1), 312 (1), 313 (1), 314 (1), 315 (1), 316 (1), 317 (1), 318 (1), 319 (1), 320 (1), 321 (1), 322 (1), 323 (1), 324 (1), 325 (1), 326 (1), 327 (1), 328 (1), 329 (1), 330 (1), 331 (1), 332 (1), 333 (1), 334 (1), 335 (1), 336 (1), 337 (1), 338 (1), 339 (1), 340 (1), 341 (1), 342 (1), 343 (1), 344 (1), 345 (1), 346 (1), 347 (1), 348 (1), 349 (1), 350 (1), 351 (1), 383 (1), 384 (1), 385 (1), 386 (1), 387 (1), 388 (1), 389 (1), 390 (1), 391 (1), 392 (1), 393 (1), 394 (1), 395 (1), 396 (1), 397 (1), 398 (1), 399 (1), 400 (1), 401 (1), 402 (1), 403 (1), 404 (1), 405 (1), 406 (1), 407 (1), 408 (1), 409 (1), 410 (1), 411 (1), 412 (1), 413 (1), 414 (1), 415 (1), 416 (1), 417 (1), 418 (1), 419 (1), 420 (1), 421 (1), 422 (1), 423 (1), 424 (1), 425 (1), 426 (1), 427 (1), 428 (1), 429 (1), 430 (1), 431 (1), 432 (1), 433 (1), 434 (1), 435 (1), 436 (1), 437 (1), 438 (1), 439 (1), 440 (1), 441 (1), 442 (1), 443 (1), 444 (1), 445 (1), 446 (1), 447 (1), 448 (1), 449 (1), 450 (1), 451 (1), 452 (1), 453 (1), 454 (1), 455 (1), 456 (1), 457 (1), 458 (1), 459 (1), 460 (1), 461 (1), 462 (1), 463 (1), 464 (1), 465 (1), 466 (1), 467 (1), 468 (1), 469 (1), 470 (1), 471 (1), 472 (1), 473 (1), 474 (1), 475 (1), 476 (1), 477 (1), 478 (1), 479 (1), 480 (1), 481 (1), 482 (1), 483 (1), 484 (1), 485 (1), 486 (1), 487 (1), 488 (1), 489 (1), 490 (1), 491 (1), 492 (1), 493 (1), 494 (1), 495 (1), 496 (1), 497 (1), 498 (1), 499 (1), 500 (1), 501 (1), 502 (1), 503 (1), 504 (1), 505 (1), 506 (1), 507 (1), 508 (1), 509 (1), 510 (1), 511 (1), 512 (1), 513 (1), 514 (1), 515 (1), 516 (1), 517 (1), 518 (1), 519 (1), 520 (1), 521 (1), 522 (1), 523 (1), 524 (1), 525 (1), 526 (1), 527 (1), 528 (1), 529 (1), 530 (1), 531 (1), 532 (1), 533 (1), 534 (1), 535 (1), 536 (1), 537 (1), 538 (1), 539 (1), 540 (1), 541 (1), 545 (1), 546 (1), 547 (1), 548 (1), 549 (1), 550 (1), 551 (1), 552 (1), 553 (1), 554 (1), 555 (1), 556 (1), 557 (1), 558 (1), 559 (1), 560 (1), 561 (1), 562 (1), 563 (1), 564 (1), 565 (1), 566 (1), 567 (1), 568 (1), 569 (1), 570 (1), 571 (1), 572 (1), 573 (1), 574 (1), 575 (1), 576 (1), 577 (1), 578 (1), 579 (1), 580 (1), 581 (1), 582 (1), 583 (1), 584 (1), 585 (1), 586 (1), 587 (1), 588 (1), 589 (1), 590 (1), 591 (1), 592 (1), 593 (1), 594 (1), 595 (1), 596 (1), 597 (1), 598 (1)|
|26.|__q__|78||
|27.|__seg__|506| @__rend__ (75) : decorInit (75)  •  @__type__ (431) : milestoneunit (431)|
|28.|__signed__|2||
|29.|__trailer__|5||
